[Music]
all right gather round sixteen curious
things you've probably never had time to
Google so why are plain windows around
it why our sneakers called sneakers what
is the right way to peel a banana ask a
monkey there are some things we do now
and then without knowing the true reason
behind them don't take them for granted
check if your idea of what to do about
them was right but before we start take
a moment to subscribe to our channel and
turn on post notifications to keep up
with our updates on from number 16 the
hole between the camera and the flash on
the iPhone well this question has been
bugging me for ages is that hole on the
back of the iPhone a micro speaker an
air outlet or what else could it be in
fact it's a microphone to record sound
while you use the rear camera to make
videos plus it helps to get rid of
background noises to make your
conversations nice and smooth every word
counts right number 15 slotted patches
on some backpacks these slotted patches
on some backpacks are known as lash tabs
they're there so you can hang something
from them according to Jamie Cormac the
co-founder of herschel it was originally
designed to carry an ice axe well that's
certainly handy webbing would go through
the slots with the axe on it a tension
lock was used to secure it today it's
more of a way to pay homage to the good
old Alpine backpacks however you can
still use the patches to carry a bottle
of water or whatever else you want to
have quick access to number 14 hole in
the bottom of a padlock ever wonder what
that little hole in the bottom of your
padlock is for the hole it's water drain
out in case the lock is out in the open
during rain secondly this hole can also
be used to oil the interior of the lock
well who would
thought number 13 the USB logo now no
one can imagine any electronics to be
associated with water but the USB logo
has a subtle link to water it is modeled
after the Trident of Poseidon the god of
the sea and other waters like the
Trident symbolizes power the USB
portrays itself as a technological power
the central arrow represents serial data
the circle represents the voltage that
USB works on five volts and the square
represents the ground voltage well
that's just too much information for me
let's just plug and play shall we number
12 little block of color near the sealed
end of a tube these little marks which
you might have seen are known as eye
marks they are there so that the machine
on the production line with the aid of
optical sensors knows where a package
needs to be pressed folded or cut the
color of the eye marks is irrelevant as
long as they are dark and distinct
enough from the background color for the
sensors to recognize them number 11 why
is there a stem on a wineglass the stem
on a wineglass is there so that they
heat from your palm while holding the
glass does not alter the wines
temperature white and red wines as well
as rose' should be served at the
temperature of around 60 degrees
sparkling wine is ideal at ice-cold
temperatures of 40 or 50 degrees there
is no one ideal way of holding the wine
glass but if you want to look like a
wine expert you can try this grab the
glass closer to the stem base between
your thumb forefinger and middle finger
the remaining fingers will naturally
find an ideal position along the base
number 10 what is a maple syrup jar
handle 4 so why do these tiny useless
handles exist on maple syrup jars
actually the reminiscent of a bygone era
when maple syrup was packaged in
5-gallon jugs these huge jug
had proportionately larger handles but
as the jars became smaller so did the
handles just to retain the novelty
factor number nine I know you've been
waiting for this one the right way to
peel a banana do you think you know the
right way to peel a banana hit the like
button if you're positive about it well
most of us try to peel a banana from its
stem side and often end up smashing this
side of the banana so the right way to
do it is known as wait for it
the monkey method and rightly so because
monkeys do it this way and if it's good
enough for the monkeys it should be good
enough for us
this method involves pinching the other
side of the banana gently so that the
peel opens up and you can then peel it
off by the way here's a riddle what's
invisible and smells like a banana
monkey farts yeah we got laughs in the
third grade moving on number eight does
barbie have the last name Barbie's full
name is Barbara Millicent Roberts her
parents are George and Margaret Roberts
and she doesn't come from Malibu but a
fictional place called willows in
Wisconsin instead now given the fact
that Barbie's official birthday is March
9th 1959 which makes her nearly 60 years
old it's helpful to know her full name
and last name you can now call her mrs.
Roberts not Barbie pay some respect to
the lady who's had over a hundred and
thirty careers and still has some great
legs
number seven who invented the fire
hydrant yeah here's a good one
no one actually knows who invented the
fire hydrant including the omniscient
Google this is because the office where
its patents were being held burned down
apparently there was no fire hydrant
nearby to save the patents from disaster
don't you love the irony number six does
my poo impact the environment well we
all take it for granted and hardly ever
think where it comes from yes I'm
talking about toilet paper nearly 30,000
trees are chopped down everyday to meet
the global demand for toilet paper Wow
around 50% of that huge amount of trees
comes from areas where protected or even
endangered species grow those trees
could be a great help when it comes to
slowing down the global warming and
decreasing the carbon dioxide in the
atmosphere add the harmful effect of
chemicals used to produce toilet paper
on the environment and the amount of
water and energy needed for the
manufacturing process and you might
strongly consider using recycled paper
or just using the same piece more than
once number five why our trailers called
trailers if they're shown before a film
begins it's a good question
trailers are shown at the beginning of a
movie so why are they called trailers
it's because originally they were shown
at the end of a feature film screening
but the practice didn't last long
because patrons would leave the theater
soon after films ended number four our
quest font actually from France
well did you think croissants were from
France if yes then you're not alone
given the French name it's obvious that
most people would think they originated
in France but that's not true
Hasan's actually hail from Vienna
Austria they were created to celebrate
the victory over the Ottoman Empire at
the Battle of Vienna in 1683 the
crescent shape of the course aunt we all
love wasn't chosen by accident it looks
like the central element of the Ottoman
flag some people believe it was Marie
Antoinette who brought the first quest
to Paris in 1770 but they only became
popular in France in the middle of the
nineteenth century
number three why are plain windows
rounded in the beginning planes had
square windows but in 1953 two plane
crashes occurred and the square shape of
the windows was found to be the reason
for both where there is a corner there
is a weak spot so square windows having
four corners
have four weak spots are highly
susceptible to cracking under stress
actually the air pressure difference
that the windows experience from inside
to outside is enough of a stress with
this in mind engineers decided to round
the edges of the windows to distribute
the pressure and stress evenly number
two who is sneaking otherwise why our
sneakers called sneakers
well sneakers actually have to do with
sneaking back in old english times the
verb to sneak meant to reach for
something and then the meaning of a
change to to creep to crawl by the mid
17th century a person who was trying to
slink would be called a sneak it was a
hard task back then because shoes were
super loud and clunky rubber soled shoes
were invented and became instantly
popular in 19th century England they got
their name because their souls do not
make noise while walking Shh
number one I know you've been waiting
for this why are the keys on the
keyboard
not arranged alphabetically when
typewriters were invented they had keys
arranged alphabetically due to the
position of certain alphabet pairs SH th
ei EIO u and so on the arms of the
typist would get jammed if they type too
fast so they simply move the problematic
letters around and this is how the
now-infamous
QWERTY layout was born now I think
that's QWERTY interesting don't you so
can you think of any other random things
that are worth asking Google let's
discuss them in the comment section if
you like this video let us know by
clicking the like button will create
another video when this one gets 50,000
likes oh and don't forget to send the
link to your friends who love trivia and
subscribe to our channel life is 100%
better on the bright side
you